One Thousand Marbles.
 
The older I get, the more I enjoy Sunday mornings. Perhaps it's the quiet solitude that comes with being the first to rise, or maybe it's the unbounded joy of not having to be at work. Either way, the first few hours of a Sunday morning are the most enjoyable for me. 
 
A few weeks ago I was shuffling down toward the basement ham-shack with a steaming cup of coffee in one hand, a tasty sandwich in the other and the Sunday paper under my arm. What began as a typical Sunday morning turned into one of those lessons that life seems to hand to you from time to time. Let me tell you about it: 
 
I turned the dial up into the phone portion of the band on my ham radio in order to listen to a Sunday morning swap net. Along the way, I came across an older sounding chap, with a tremendous signal and a golden voice. You know the kind - he sounded like he should be in the broadcasting business. I was intrigued and stopped to listen to what he had to say. 
 
"Well, Tom, it sure sounds like you're busy with your job. I'm sure they pay you well but it's a shame you have to be away from home and your family so much. Hard to believe a young fellow should have to work fifty or sixty hours a week to make ends meet. Too bad you missed your daughter's dance recital" he continued. "Let me tell you something that has helped me keep a good perspective on my own priorities.
 
"You see, I sat down one day and did a little arithmetic. The average person lives about seventy-five years. I know, some live more and some live less, but on average, folks live about seventy-five years. Now then, I multiplied 75 times 52 and I came up with 3900, which is the number of weekends that the average person has in their entire lifespan - only thirty-nine hundred. Now, stick with me, Tom, I'm getting to the important part. It took me until I was fifty-five years old to think about all this in any detail", he went on, "and by that time I had already lived through almost twenty-nine hundred of them.
 
"I got to thinking that if I lived to be seventy-five, I only had about a thousand of them left to enjoy. So I went to a toy store and bought every single marble they had. I ended up having to visit three toy stores to round up the thousand marbles. I took them home and put them inside a large, clear plastic container right here in the shack next to my gear.
 
"Every Sunday since then, I have taken one marble out and thrown it away. I found that, by watching the marbles diminish, I focused more on the really important things in life. There is nothing like watching your time here on this earth run out to help get your priorities straight. 
 
"Now let me tell you one last thing before I sign-off with you and take my lovely wife out for breakfast. You see - this morning I took the very last marble out of the container - it's empty now. And I figure that if I make it until next Sunday then I have been given a little extra time. And the one thing we can all use is a little extra time...
 
"It was nice to meet you Tom, I hope you spend more time with your family, and I hope to meet you again here on the band. -- This is William, K9NZQ, clear and going QRT, good morning! - Over and out." 
 
You could have heard a pin drop on the band when this fellow signed off; I guess he gave us all a lot to think about.
 
I had planned to work on the antenna later that morning, and then I was going to meet with a few hams to work on the next club newsletter and then I had to fix the roof on the garage and then wash the car... 

Instead, I went upstairs and woke up my wife with a kiss. "C'mon honey, I'm taking you out for breakfast." 
 
"What's brought this on?" she asked with a smile. 

"Oh, nothing special, it's just been a long time since we spent a Sunday morning together. And hey, when you go shopping tomorrow, can you please stop at a toy store while you're out there? I need a thousand marbles..."